Group Members: Luke Kortepeter, Carolyn Sohmer, Ted Teumer, Yukun Liu, Yunping Shao

Problem Statement: Per our findings in Project 1, we found that seminars continue to have low attendance for several
reasons. Two of these reasons, lack of knowledge about event details and failure to be alerted about events, could be
resolved with a simple web site where all information regarding lectures can be found, all in one place.

Methodology: We decided to design a web site. This allows everyone in the UofR community to see what events are taking
place, whereas a tool such as an app would limit this valuable information to those who have smart phones. The site
was designed to be plain and simple. Current and past events can be viwed with ease on the home page. New events can 
be added only by those who have access based on their NetID. Acess would likely only be given to department heads, 
secretaries, and students in the SA. This prevents abuse of the system. If further details need to be added to a
posting, a system admin must be contacted. This prevents accidental postings of malicious links.

The system stores the information in a MySQL database that is maintained by an admin. This prevents accidental deletions
of events and/or abuses. This database will have to manually cleaned, likely once a semester, to prevent the home page
from being too cluttered.

Results:
The site described was successfully built and is currently hosted on a private server. We are open to new ideas and how
this foundation can be expanded.

Discussion:
We see this site as a tool the University could actually use. Currently, students are plagued by several emails a day
announcing events. It is difficult to keep track of so many events and pay attention to so many emails. Furthermore, 
students are often not alerted about events outside of their major department. For example, it certainly is possible that
more than just computer science students would be interested in a lecture by Google, but if Political Science students are
not aware of an event, they will never be able to attend.

If departments took advantage of this tool and posted events and students periodically checked event postings, then no
one would ever have a reasonable excuse for not knowing about an event.
